upgrade serf to v0.9.8 (#13062)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/13062.txt

```release-note:bug

> serf: upgrade serf to v0.9.8 which fix a bug that crash Consul when serf keyring are listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
serf: upgrade serf to v0.9.8 which fixes a bug that crashes Consul when serf keyrings are listed
```
